Red leaves
Go back go back
Ah, Lord Wang
Lord Wang
Lord Wang, what happened?
I'm coming back
My head
Who is my boss?
ambush
It's him, he didn't
He was unintentionally attacked by the West
The school building was admitted to the state of Tiandu
It is now
Heavenly teachers are rare
He did it all.
Ah, Lord Wang
Lord Wang Lord Wang
Brother Chen, Lord Wang, he
He has passed away.
Wang Bin
I want you to pay with blood
See Long Shuai
Nagamoto Shuai ordered the whole minister to block the arm guard
Cut off the closed line
I'm going to tear him to pieces
Yes, yes!
Floating Brother
It's so late, why don't you rest?
Can't sleep?
But it's not the way for you to stay up all the time.
Luo Yun is so amazing
I believe
He will soon be able to find Feng Bin's whereabouts
Overlord
The devil appears in the Western Moon District
kill
First attack